README.md, before:

# Disney Clone 
🔴 A Disney+ Clone built using React.js and Firebase Firestore, featuring genre-based filtering, enhanced search results, and a trailer redirect system that opens YouTube trailers seamlessly. The application uses Firebase Authentication for secure user login and real-time data handling, and is deployed using Firebase Hosting to ensure fast and reliable performance.
## Features
🎛️ Genre-Based Filtering - Browse movies by categories such as Action, Kids, Family, Cartoon, Marvel, and more.

🔎 Enhanced Search Results Page - Displays accurate and refined movie search results on a dedicated results screen.

🎥 Trailer Redirect to YouTube - Instantly redirect to the movie’s YouTube trailer with a single click.

🔐 Firebase Authentication -  Secure user login and signup using Firebase Authentication.

🗄️ Firebase Firestore Integration -  Real-time storage and retrieval of movie data and user information.

🎞️ Movie Slideshow -  A dynamic slideshow showcasing featured or trending movies.

🚀 Firebase Hosting -  Fast and reliable deployment using Firebase Hosting.

## Tech Stack
<p>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/firebase/firebase-plain.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" width="40"/>
</p>

## Installation
- VS Code
- Nodejs
- Firebase

Commit message:

Enhance README with new features and screenshots
Added movie slideshow, watchlist feature, and screenshots.

README.md, after:

# Disney Clone 
🔴 A Disney+ Clone built using React.js and Firebase Firestore, featuring genre-based filtering, enhanced search results, and a trailer redirect system that opens YouTube trailers seamlessly. The application uses Firebase Authentication for secure user login and real-time data handling, and is deployed using Firebase Hosting to ensure fast and reliable performance.
## Features
🎛️ Genre-Based Filtering - Browse movies by categories such as Action, Kids, Family, Cartoon, Marvel, and more.

🎞️ Movie Slideshow -  A dynamic slideshow showcasing featured or trending movies.

🔎 Enhanced Search Results Page - Displays accurate and refined movie search results on a dedicated results screen.

🔖Implemented a Watchlist feature that enables users to add movies, displays a confirmation popup, redirects users to the Watchlist page, and stores selected movie details in the database for persistent access.

🎥 Trailer Redirect to YouTube - Instantly redirect to the movie’s YouTube trailer with a single click.

🔐 Firebase Authentication -  Secure user login and signup using Firebase Authentication.

🗄️ Firebase Firestore Integration -  Real-time storage and retrieval of movie data and user information.

🚀 Firebase Hosting -  Fast and reliable deployment using Firebase Hosting.

## Tech Stack
<p>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/firebase/firebase-plain.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" width="40"/>
</p>

## Screenshots
### Login Page 

<img width="1910" height="913" alt="screenshot-1768060143084" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8059670a-7c29-48ae-865e-3af4cd175d8c" />

### Home Page 

<img width="1910" height="915" alt="screenshot-1768060552670" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3dd5ea97-72a8-416f-bf14-bd1882500fc8" />

### Movies Page 

<img width="1910" height="915" alt="screenshot-1768060609203" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/74a63b25-9a74-45a3-8ddd-1fff00436077" />

### Search Page 

<img width="1910" height="915" alt="screenshot-1768060672307" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/06fd12c6-39ea-4a2e-bec8-6cc1510af8e8" />

### Movie Details Page

<img width="1910" height="915" alt="screenshot-1768060867311" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0e44017b-22a8-46f1-8c88-173faac0833c" />

## Installation
- VS Code
- Nodejs
- Firebase
